MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS

Microsoft Windows Assessment and Deployment Kit (ADK) for Windows 10 
Microsoft Windows Hardware Lab Kit (HLK) for Windows 10
Microsoft Windows Driver Kit (WDK) for Windows 10

These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one 
of its affiliates) and you. Please read them. They apply to the software named above, which includes the 
media on which you received it, if any. The terms also apply to any Microsoft
*	updates,
*	supplements,
*	Internet-based services, and
*	support services,
for this software, unless other terms accompany those items. If so, those terms apply.

By using the software, you accept these terms. If you do not accept them, do not use the 
software.
*******************************************************************
If you comply with these license terms, you have the perpetual rights below.

1.	INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.
a.	ADK. 
i.	You may install and use any number of copies of the software on your devices 
solely for the purpose of deploying, maintaining, assessing system quality and 
evaluating your systems and devices on Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 
2008 R2, Windows Server 2012, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows Vista, 
Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1, or Windows 10 operating system 
software, and subsequent versions of Windows Server and Windows operating 
systems.
ii.	Windows Pre-Installation Environment. You may install and use the 
Windows Pre-Installation Environment for purposes of installing and recovering 
Windows operating system software. For the avoidance of doubt, you may not 
use the Windows Pre-Installation Environment for any other purpose not 
expressly permitted in these license terms, including without limitation as a 
general operating system, as a thin client or as a remote desktop client.
b.	HLK. One user may install and use any number of copies of the software on your devices 
to design, develop and test your programs, including to create submissions for the 
Windows Hardware Compatibility Program.
c.	WDK. One user may install and use any number of copies of the software on your 
devices to design, develop and test your programs. Further, you may install, use and/or 
deploy via a network management system or as part of a desktop image, any number of 
copies of the software on computer devices within your internal corporate network to 
design, develop and test your programs that run on a Microsoft operating system. Each 
copy must be complete, including all copyright and trademark notices. You must require 
end users to agree to terms that protect the software as much as these license terms.
d.	Included Microsoft Programs. The software contains other Microsoft programs. 
These license terms govern your use of included Microsoft programs, except as otherwise 
indicated in these license terms.  The ADK and HLK software includes SQL Server 2012 
Express, which is licensed under the terms and conditions of the SQL Server 2012 
Express license located at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=842829.  You may 
only use this program in conjunction with the ADK and HLK software licensed here.  If 
you do not accept the SQL Server 2012 Express license terms, you may not use the 
program.
e.	Third Party Programs. The software may include third party code that Microsoft, not 
the third party, licenses to you under this agreement. Notices, if any, for the third party 
code are included for your information only and may be found in the credits.rtf or 
ThirdPartyNotices.txt file associated with the software.

2.	ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR USE RIGHTS.  
a.	Distributable Code. The software contains code that you are permitted to distribute in 
programs you develop if you comply with the terms below.
i.	Right to Use and Distribute. The code and text files listed below are 
"Distributable Code."
1.	ADK
a.	Sample Code. You may modify, copy, and distribute the source 
and object code form of code marked as "sample."
2.	WDK
a.	REDIST.TXT Files. You may copy and distribute the object code 
form of code listed in REDIST.TXT files plus any of the files listed 
on the REDIST list located at 
http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=294840.
3.	Third Party Distribution
a.	You may permit distributors of your programs to copy and 
distribute the Distributable Code as part of those programs.
ii.	Distribution Requirements. For any Distributable Code you distribute, 
you must
1.	add significant primary functionality to it in your programs;
2.	for any Distributable Code having a filename extension of .lib, distribute 
only the results of running such Distributable Code through a linker with 
your program;
3.	distribute Distributable Code included in a setup program only as part of 
that setup program without modification;
4.	require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect 
it at least as much as this agreement; 
5.	display your valid copyright notice on your programs; and
6.	indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Microsoft from any claims, 
including attorneys' fees, related to the distribution or use of your 
programs.
iii.	Distribution Restrictions. You may not
1.	alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in the Distributable Code;
2.	use Microsoft's trademarks in your programs' names or in a way that 
suggests your programs come from or are endorsed by Microsoft;
3.	distribute Distributable Code to run on a platform other than the 
Windows platform;
4.	include Distributable Code in malicious, deceptive or unlawful programs; 
or
5.	modify or distribute the source code of any Distributable Code so that 
any part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License. An Excluded 
License is one that requires, as a condition of use, modification or 
distribution, that
a.	the code be disclosed or distributed in source code form; or
b.	others have the right to modify it.

3.	INTERNET-BASED SERVICES. The software connects to Microsoft or service provider 
computer systems over the Internet. For more information see the Privacy Statement at 
go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=522457.  By using the software, you agree that 
Microsoft may collect and use your information as described in the Privacy 
Statement.

4.	ACTIVATION. The ADK software activates the use of Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008, 
Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows Thin PC, Windows PosReady 7, Windows 8, 
Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows 10, subsequent versions 
of Windows and subsequent versions of Windows Server, select products that use add-on 
product keys, and Microsoft Office 2010, 2013, 2016, and subsequent versions of Microsoft 
Office, with a specific physical hardware system ("Device").  During activation, the ADK software 
will send information about the Device(s) to Microsoft. This information includes the version, 
language and product key of the software, the Internet protocol address of the system running 
the software, and information derived from the hardware configuration of the Device(s) running 
the software listed above in this Section 4. For more information, see 
go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=141210. By using the ADK software, you consent to the 
transmission of this information.

5.	SCOPE OF LICENSE. The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some 
rights to use the software. Microsoft reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you 
more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this 
agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only 
allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not
a.	Except for the Microsoft .NET Framework, you must obtain Microsoft's prior written 
approval to disclose to a third party the results of any benchmark test of the software. 
You may conduct internal benchmark testing of .NET components and disclose the 
results of any benchmark test of those components under the conditions set forth at 
go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=66406.
b.	work around any technical limitations in the software;
c.	reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent 
that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;
d.	make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by 
applicable law, despite this limitation;
e.	publish the software for others to copy;
f.	rent, lease or lend the software;
g.	transfer the software or this agreement to any third party; or
h.	use the software for commercial software hosting services.

6.	.NET FRAMEWORK SOFTWARE. The software contains Microsoft .NET Framework software. 
This software is part of Windows. The license terms for Windows apply to your use of the .NET 
Framework software.

7.	BACKUP COPY. You may make one backup copy of the software. You may use it only to 
reinstall the software.

8.	DOCUMENTATION. Any person that has valid access to your computer or internal network may 
copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference purposes.

9.	EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. The software is subject to United States export laws and regulations. 
You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to 
the software. These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. For 
additional information, see www.microsoft.com/exporting.

10.	SUPPORT SERVICES. Because this software is "as is," we may not provide support services for 
it.

11.	ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates, 
Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the 
software and support services.

12.	APPLICABLE LAW.
a.	United States. If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law 
governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, 
regardless of conflict of laws principles. The laws of the state where you live govern all 
other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition 
laws, and in tort.
b.	Outside the United States. If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws 
of that country apply.

13.	LEGAL EFFECT. This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights under 
the laws of your country. You may also have rights with respect to the party from whom you 
acquired the software. This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your 
country if the laws of your country do not permit it to do so.

14.	DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. The software is licensed "as-is." You bear the risk of 
using it. Microsoft gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions. You may 
have additional consumer rights or statutory guarantees under your local laws which 
this agreement cannot change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, 
Microsoft excludes the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular 
purpose and non-infringement.
FOR AUSTRALIA - You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer 
Law and nothing in these terms is intended to affect those rights.

15.	LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES. You can recover 
from Microsoft and its suppliers only direct damages up to U.S. $5.00. You cannot 
recover any other damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect or 
incidental damages.
a.	This limitation applies to
i.	anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party 
Internet sites, or third party programs; and
ii.	claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict 
liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.
It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. 
The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your country may not allow the 
exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.

